# Q & A with CleverQ 🤖

Q & A with CleverQ is a Streamlit application that allows users to interactively ask questions and receive responses generated by a generative model powered by Google's AI. The app maintains a history of questions asked and their corresponding answers for easy reference.

## Features

- **Interactive Chat Interface:** Users can input questions and receive AI-generated responses in real-time.
- **Question History:** Display of all previous questions and responses for easy tracking and review.
-  **Multiple Conversation Tabs**: Users can create and manage multiple tabs, each maintaining its own question and response history.
- **Interactive UI**: Clean and intuitive interface built with Streamlit.
- **Dynamic Updates:** Updates the UI dynamically with new questions and responses without refreshing the page.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/soumyajitjalua1/CleverQ-.git
   cd your-repository

2. Install dependencies:

    ```bash
     pip install -r requirements.txt

3. Create a .env file:

    ```bash
    touch .env

4. Add your Google API key to the .env file:

     ```bash
     GOOGLE_API_KEY=your-google-api-key


3. Run the app:

    ```bash
    streamlit run app.py


## Used

- Input your question in the text area provided and click "Submit".
- The app will generate a response using Google's AI based on your input.
- The question history section displays all previously asked questions and their corresponding responses.

## Project Structure
   - ```bash
      cleverq/
      │
      ├── .env                # Environment variables file
      ├── app.py              # Main Streamlit application
      ├── requirements.txt    # Python dependencies
      └── README.md           # This README file


## App Link:
   
      https://vessxjuxunq8wjhiupcx8p.streamlit.app/

## License
- This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/soumyajitjalua1/CleverQ-/blob/main/LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgements
- Streamlit for providing the framework to build interactive web applications.
- Google Generative AI for the generative model used in this application.
